Documentation user needs (#938)
livingdocsIO/documentation: content/operations/releases/release-2025-01.md

{{< feature-info "Metadata" "server" >}}
### User needs plugin :gift:

The *User Needs* metadata plugin integrates the [User Needs Model 2.0](https://smartocto.com/blog/explaining-user-needs) into Livingdocs, allowing newsrooms to categorize articles based on audience-focused interests.  
By assigning one of eight user-need categories during content creation or editing, teams can better align with audience preferences, boost engagement, and optimize content placement.

__How to use User Needs  in Livingdocs:__

> - Add, edited, or remove them in the dashboard or in the metadata panel of the editor
> - Add them in the creation-flow panel

Reviewer: I found the terms "add" and "remove" a bit misleading in this context ("Do I add new user needs?"). But it's a suggestion and of course optional :)

```suggestion
- Assign them in the dashboard or in the metadata panel of the editor
- Select them in the creation-flow panel
```

Author: I adjusted your suggestion a little bit, but it should be less confusing now :)

- Enable User Needs as filters in the dashboard to streamline content analysis.

> 

Author: Good idea, added it :)
